fix: improve `devEngines` note (#1535)
npm/documentation: content/cli/v10/configuring-npm/package-json.mdx

You can specify a `devEngines` property in your `package.json` which will run before `install`, `ci`, and `run` commands.

> > Note: `engines` and `devEngines` differ in object shape and functionality. `engines` is designed to alert the user when a dependency uses a different npm or node version than the project it's being used in, whereas `devEngines` is used to alert people interacting with the source code of a project.

Reviewer: this isn’t quite accurate - `engines` is for a package to declare what npm and/or node versions it’s compatible with.

Author: Are you suggesting to get rid of the word `alert` or something else?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `engines` and `devEngines` differ in object shape and functionality. `engines` is intended for a package to declare the node and/or npm versions it is compatible with (the default for both is `*`), whereas `devEngines` is used to declare the intended runtime (node, etc) and/or package manager (npm, etc) to be used by developers working directly in the source code of a project.
```

Author: Thanks! I think I see what you're saying now 👍 

What do you think of [e012ff6](https://github.com/npm/documentation/pull/1535/commits/e012ff639a34fd8d60b297e3fda9723e9f4f552c)?

Reviewer: That's certainly correct! It would be nice to have the nuance that's contained in my suggestion, though :-)

Reviewer 2: @styfle I like the nuance from @ljharb as well. If you want to update it with that I can see about getting this merged :)

Author: Sounds good. Please take a look at [ffbb248](https://github.com/npm/documentation/pull/1535/commits/ffbb2482cf412eb222136d903a7f804a088a2218)

Reviewer: Looks good to me. The part about the default value is documented elsewhere, so it doesn't need to be here, but it seemed useful to reinforce.

Author: The reason I left out the default value is because this section of the docs is about `devEngines`, not `engines`.

We should keep the NOTE short(ish) or else move it out of the NOTe and into a normal paragraph.
